[docs] Note that DefaultSensorStatus can be STOPPED (#28798)
dagster-io/dagster: docs/docs/guides/automate/sensors/index.md

:::tip
Unless a sensor has a `default_status` of `DefaultSensorStatus.RUNNING`, it won't be enabled when first deployed to a Dagster instance. To find and enable the sensor, click **Automation > Sensors** in the Dagster UI.

> To explicitly set a sensor to be disabled, you can use `DefaultSensorStatus.STOPPED`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To explicitly disable a sensor, you can use `DefaultSensorStatus.STOPPED`. 
```
